Subway Serial Stalkers
Anjini, Yuki, Hamim
pd 08
---------------------

Plot:

You're riding on the 2 train, going downtown to Stuyvesant 
High School, when the lights start to flicker. You pay no
mind to it, brushing it off as the usual train shenanigans. 

When the lights turn off completely, you're a little surprised,
but brush it off again, thinking to yourself 'The MTA needs to
step up their game'. The lights are off for about a minute, 
during which you stay engrossed with an intense game of angry 
birds. 

When the lights turn back on, you hear a scream. You turn to 
source of the noise as stare in shock as your eyes fall on a 
bloodied body sitting in one of the train seats. 

You turn to look at your fellow travellers and come to 2 conclusions:
1. With the amount of blood the person lost, there was no way they were still alive
2. There was a murderer in train car, with you, at that very moment. 
--
The first thing you should do, you reason, is take note of everyone's name. 

<asks for names>

Next, you think back to when the lights turned off. Nothing smelled or felt off but...
you remember hearing the subway doors open and shut twice! You think to when you
stepped into the train car for the first time. There were 4 other people with you. You
think back to the people you just talked to. There were 4 of them. 
--
<left car or right car?> 
(left cars are empty, one or two people that aren't of interest)
<right car -> you see an old lady knitting -> next car over has no people but 
you find a large pair of gloves and a bloody knife>

Ask the old lady a question? 
 - Did you see someone come in to the car a few minutes ago?
 - Oh...well aside from you, dear, I couldn't see much else. The lights went off,
   you know!
 - Not even a shadow? Did you at least hear someone? 
 - I did see a long shadow walk through the door, but I'm afraid I can't tell you much
   else. It's my age, my eyes aren't what they used to be.
 - Ah, I see. Thank you for your help!
 - Of course, dear!

You walk back to your train car in deep thought. This seemed like a planned out 
attack, so the killer must've thought about how they were going to execute it.
But the attack was so messy, and there's the knife, so it was probably a rushed. 
Which means whoever was the killer, hopefully doesn't have a very strong alibi! 

<asks everyone where they're going> 
 - Hamim and Yuki give off sus vibes but aren't tall enough 
 - Anjini is tall enough but isn't sus, just weird
 - Fred is sus and tall 

 <responses to the question: Where are you going?
  - Hamim: We're literally in the same APCS class, I'm going 
           to class like you. 
    protag: Its 7 am, you're ridiculously early.
    Hamim: So are you...
    protag: Fair enough
 - Yuki: I'm headed over to South Street Sea Port to meet with some friends 
   protag: it's 7 am? 
   Yuki: And your point is? 
   protag: ...
 - Anjini: Book shopping! I have a whole route planned out. My goal is to
           visit at least 15 stores.
    protag: Are you a native New Yorker...? This feels like a very touristy thing
            to do. 
    Anjini: It is not! And for your information, yes I am a native New Yorker.
 - Fred: I'm headed to Brooklyn to visit some friends.
    protag: Oh cool! What part? 
    Fred: Williamsburg.
    protag: I don't the 2 goes to Williamsburg.
    Fred: No, no it doesn't. I'm going to switch over to the F train at Chambers Street.
    protag: Right...
---
Did the orange line have a stop by Chambers Street? You look around the train for a subway map 
but find none. 
<check other cars for maps, find none>
You check your phone but you're still underground and there's no service but even 
without the map, you can tell that something with George's story is off. 


split -> where do you want to go?
    A train -> gg (maybe play the song?)
    6 train -> gg
    plaza -> find the murderer, tackle, call the police, you win
